## Hi there

Francis Fu Yao is an undergraduate research student in Peking University. He likes reading, traveling, photography, as well as NLP.

Recently, he did a tutorial on Recurrent Neural Network in Sun's Deep Learning Group, Centre of Energy-efficiency Computing and Application (CECA). In this tutorial, he covered the story from vanilla RNN to LSTM seq2seq with attention mechanism (slides TBC).

Francis comes from a river town in Hunan Province, southwest China (Like the one in [Peter Hessler's](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/94053.River_Town)). He is a writer and an editor in PKU Youth. At first he liked languages and articles, and this later led his interest in Natural Language Processing after becoming a computer science student. He wrote [this article](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s?__biz=MzA3NzAzMDEyNg==&mid=207701708&idx=1&sn=af6c76946c417c67ea0a9ec4ed609d6a&mpshare=1&scene=1&srcid=YTwnivIRJqtg1DPiWP6P&key=881e642d936f5123f1432c5de5c5145a775b510776e49537be0aa1d0f9f76e8bbb23f9c219c34fe26a6e8895f21200a8d99784a729d201c5697972d8ca661f0b5460377ce517f4a06a49b04c5207130b&ascene=0&uin=MjgzMjI2NjM4NA%3D%3D&devicetype=iMac+MacBookPro12%2C1+OSX+OSX+10.12.2+build(16C67)&version=12020010&nettype=WIFI&fontScale=100&pass_ticket=bMBmDNNw3zN8TAJ1yHz%2BlOI6hp9o5REtvH5ebc0cGecpTeOr%2B%2FO4BL1eeO6E5B9R) about his hometown (in Chinese), and [this article](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s?__biz=MzA3NzAzMDEyNg==&mid=400112806&idx=1&sn=dba54d1e2d155b907a509930876df54f&mpshare=1&scene=1&srcid=1025rTqEKRU5aEBp5DplADjl&key=0054166caf6e68314f6c001271b87424fc9ad91983859a3c7c3c156708b79fa754e8fbe38314284289d6cf1d4e4e51cc4c180764474fc8a406d56d63e7eb3a2d286a7abd57d645fcb92edfa452075d7e&ascene=0&uin=MjgzMjI2NjM4NA%3D%3D&devicetype=iMac+MacBookPro12%2C1+OSX+OSX+10.12.2+build(16C67)&version=12020610&nettype=WIFI&fontScale=100&pass_ticket=0mNA7TJZaFXmisouHj5Pyc6k5krPTRZlKwGfbDHtMMjACYvoA2Ete3ngwNtTfWv3) about his high school. Both of them are  published it in PKU Youth in 2014.

In addition to his major in computer science, he is minor in business administration in Guanghua School of Management (GSM) in Peking University. This program is focusing on startups, innovation industry, and venture investiment. He wrote a report (.pdf file TBC) about the innovation industry in China in 2016. Recently, he is interested in medical industry (slides TBC).

Francis is new to github blog, so he kept [This markdown guide](https://francix.github.io/guide) and [This github io guide](https://guides.github.com/features/pages/) for his consultant.

This blog is still under construction. There will be many interesting thing soon.
